land sales and real estate as a source
of revenue and uh they had to ramp up a
lot of debt to undertake that those kind
of responsibilities. But maybe the local
government KPI should be changed from
looking at GDP growth and investment to
other things maybe maybe consumption
maybe you know jobs uh you need to think
these things through but it has to be
more balanced um approach. I think that
another fundamental reform should be the
redistribution system taxation. Um I
think still lots of people are not
paying taxes and direct income taxes is
not very strong as a redistributionary
force. Uh a lot of the wealthy people
are not really paying very high uh uh uh
uh tax rates. It's actually in the end a
bit regressive given that the tax system
relies a lot on global issue. Yeah, it
is a global issue but China is not going
to escape from that. But actually
Chinese um taxation is more regressive
than in many other advanced economies.
But again coming back to the the social
uh protection, social insurance um you